WI #643: Add supported feature for Verification, Comparison, and and Fluctuation Tracking of Unit Prices (#822)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/supported_features/verify_compare_track_unit_prices.md

# Verification, Comparison, and Fluctuation Tracking of Unit Prices

## Introduced Version

1.0

## Description

> When provider supports unit pricing concepts, FOCUS dataset contains SKU Price ID, which represents provider-specified reference for specific SKU price in both public and contracted price lists, allowing practitioners to access detailed information about SKU Price, including associated ListUnitPrices and ContractedUnitPrices used to calculate charges. For a given SkuPriceId, FinOps practitioners must be able to:

Reviewer: I would soften this to not include details on mechanics of how the supported feature works for column names, but rather explain what it is the spec allows the practitioner to do.  So I wouldn't list columns in the description. List those in the columns sections.

> When provider supports unit pricing concepts, FOCUS dataset contains SKU Price ID, which represents provider-specified reference for specific SKU price in both public and contracted price lists, allowing practitioners to access detailed information about SKU Price, including associated ListUnitPrices and ContractedUnitPrices used to calculate charges. For a given SkuPriceId, FinOps practitioners must be able to:

Author: ```suggestion
When provider supports unit pricing concepts, FinOps practitioners must be able to:
```

> * Verify that the correct ListUnitPrices and ContractedUnitPrices are applied.
> * Compare applied ContractedUnitPrices across different billing accounts and with applied ListUnitPrices at specific points in time.
> * Track fluctuations in unit prices over time.

Author: ```suggestion
* Verify that the correct List Unit Prices and Contracted Unit Prices are applied.
* Compare applied Contracted Unit Prices across different billing accounts and with applied List Unit Prices at specific points in time.
* Track fluctuations in unit prices over time.
```
